

Elites print money from themselves first. Brrrrrrrr... They buy assets with free money. Then dump on retail. Welcome to inflation? The perfect currency holds the same purchasing power today as in 50 years. You, are welcohm ser. OHM is a currency where the protocol captures all the value, from providing liquidity, and minting new coins, and returns it to stakers. It consists of a protocol-managed treasury, yield generation, liquidity generating bonds, and high staking rewards that are designed to control supply expansion. And managing the treasury to stabilize the value of an OHM token against the basket of assets.

Bonds are a secondary strategy used by Olympus to provide more liquidity to the protocol while also providing a more conservative and reliable return. The bonding function allows you to trade OHM at a discount for the price at the time of the trade (similar to a [futures contract](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/futurescontract.asp#:~:text=A%20futures%20contract%20is%20a,trading%20on%20a%20futures%20exchange.)). Bonding provides locked liquidity in the Sushiswap pools that facilitate market operations and protect token holders.

When you stake your OHM it gets locked in the protocol which means less OHM on the market - creating value for the protocol. You can unstake whenever you want. The rewards are tweaked by the protocol in response to the eventual stabilization of OHM value. These rewards, which are a part of the current growth phase of the protocol, are used to drive users to grow the total amount of OHM they hold. This is counter to what usually occurs in the space, where buyers purchase tokens hoping they appreciate in value. Olympus wants to encourage the accumulation of more OHM, not just less OHM that appreciates in USD-based value. The community and developers expect that these APYs will compensate for the potentially lower price that OHM will stabilize at in the future (which is a function of the treasury, yield, and market forces).

The technology is cool as F, and there is more transparency than any publicly traded company. The smart contracts that power Olympus are public and can be verified by anyone. The yields and treasury balances are updated in real-time in any ETH block explorer or through [the dashboard on the website](https://app.olympusdao.finance/#/dashboard).
