## Best Adventure is Shared Adventure
(3,3) is the idea that, if everyone cooperated in Olympus, it would generate the greatest gain for everyone (game-theory). Let's quote papa Fisk: “I believe blockchains, DeFi, DAOs, even NFTs are on their meta-level primarily tools for scaling coordination - not only of capital but also minds. The biggest reason we humans rule the Earth and send rockets to Mars is that we are super-coordinating creatures, with advanced coordination tools such as language, memes, social conventions (gm), finance, law...and now crypto. I believe, at least for you anon, that peak coordination is to have a tribe you are genuinely part of and a close-knit group of frens you have been through thick and thin, share the same values, and can 100% rely both on their honesty and skills.”

## Don't miss the boat.

For the past 6 months, we have been living the dream of doing exactly what we want: finding ways to back projects we love with our most valuable asset, time. Right now, we're sailing towards our dream island; where we will try to balance DAO's, NFT's and Defi. We are supporting our planet earth and mother ocean with Klima & Diatom, launching the Olympus Odyssey Genesis Collection & NFT Platform, featuring Dimitri Daniloff, and starting to shape a safe haven for the 99 people that become frens along the way of exploring the Good Vibes Ohmly project. WAGMI, have fun, run a sustainable fund, lease a solar-powered catamaran, and we will probably end up buying a couple of surf view co-working places to live the life and feel no need to skip our Discord meetings at Olympus and Bankless DAO. We will now drop the anchor and create a place that will feel like HOHM! (⚓️,⚓️ )


## OHM is the next OHM. Few.

The fact that there are tons of OlympusDAO forks spinning up across Ethereum and other chains too is hugely bullish for OHM. It reminds me of when BTC had tons of forks off it in 2015-2018. Forks are the best expression of legitimacy. I anticipate that OHM on Ethereum will emerge as a settlement layer for OHM iterations on Layer 2. Notice I didn't say OHM forks. That's because OHM's growth will happen on Layer 2. However, we have seen a lot of ohmies being distracted with the 333 forks, some maybe even chasing their own tail to get on the WL.

## Allowed to float

Unfortunately only a few are focusing on building on top of OHM. Friendly forks, let's call them spoons, they do exist. That's why we feel the Olympus Incubator can lead the way by offering a HOHM office to develop on top of Olympus without feeling like a vampire attack. Also, collaboration should be encouraged, not hated. Imagine a hard-coded revenue share ranging between 3.3 - 9.9%. Our project will be accumulating gOHM in the treasury and offer 51% gov rights by Olympus. gOHM will be used as collateral for 10% LUSD to offer compensations and pay for running expenses, including the lease of the ECO 90 EX Alva Yacht as Mobile Hohm Office.

## Token incentives for users. Web3 monetizes passion

Later on, we will also develop beachfront co-working spaces , curate and manage NFTs Vaults, relaunch the travel dapp, add Surf View Real Estate in the treasury, set up quarterly events, and collab with other projects that are aligned with the 3-3 culture code. Communities with tokens will drive value through belonging and investing. Everybody always getting caught up in APY. Treasury is where the party is at. Ohm won. (3, 3) won. Bonds/stake as a model won. Olympus has created several business models. Treasury as a service. Community as a service. Bonds as a service. Bootstrapping/Incubating new projects. What happens when treasuries start writing seed cheques? Wouldn't you rather raise from a DAO that will give you a real community and never sell... Ohm offers things few VCs can:

- huge ready-made community to support and meme your project
- inbuilt crypto native marketing through agora and fohmo
- POL services through Olympus Pro
- elite operational support available through the DAO

## The bonds made from being an ohmie

So, the machine works like this: bonds get assets into the treasury, the mechanism incentivizes holding the GVO token through new GVO issuance, and the protocol uses the treasury, its liquidity, and Olympus Pro to generate ongoing revenue to continue to power the machine. Plus bonding is good fun! Gamified token purchasing. Who can snipe the best discount? Which asset to bond? When to claim and restake? Each GVO owns a portion of the underlying protocol. GVO is minted when people buy bonds or NFTs, they voluntarily send money to the treasury in exchange for GVO. What that means is that you own:

1. A portion of the treasury assets
2. A portion of all new GVO created
3. Governance rights
4. A portion of the revenue generated by the treasury

